RHIDP-15235: Update product documentation for NFS hard cut-over (legacy OFS removed in 2.1) (#2499)
redhat-developer/red-hat-developers-documentation-rhdh: modules/shared/con-understand-why-front-end-wiring-is-required.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT

[id="understand-why-front-end-wiring-is-required_{context}"]
= Extension declarations that enable dynamic plugin discovery

[role="_abstract"]
Each dynamic front-end plugin must declare its UI contributions through extension blueprints so that {product-short} can discover, connect, and render them at runtime.

Extension blueprints enable plugins to:

* Add new pages and routes by using `PageBlueprint`
* Inject custom components into entity pages by using `EntityCardBlueprint` or `EntityContentBlueprint`
* Register application-wide icons by using `IconBundleBlueprint`

> * Add navigation items automatically through `PageBlueprint` (sidebar entries are inferred from page extensions)

Reviewer: Should this also use the "by using" phrasing?

```suggestion
* Add navigation items automatically by using `PageBlueprint` (sidebar entries are inferred from page extensions)
```
